what's up guys calypso here and today me
talking about the dread one of three
weapons that drops off the soccer this
one of course being the bow weapon and
for the longest time I kind of shied
away from using a dread not because I
felt it was bad or anything but you
generally modded this out exactly as you
would mono the Paris Prime and the Paris
prime of course being high puncture
weapon comparatively to the dread being
a high slash weapon puncture is kind of
king when it comes to the late-game
because the hardest enemies in the game
are generally armored especially in the
green air faction and especially the
voids but from the recent operation
gatecrash a new variable has been added
to the equation and that being the
addition of the new slash damage mods
from that event and I'm going to be
talking specifically about the Fang
fusillade mod which is four times the
percentage in terms of slash damage
compared to the regular saw tooth clip
and the most obvious thing you've
probably realized is because the dread
is a really high slash writing take full
advantage of this mod and actually
results in a huge damage increase upon
equipping it but it's much more than
that because how you somato my bows is I
put on a heavy caliber on either Mac so
if I just want to maximize my damage up
close or if I want to hit some of those
longer range shots I would put it three
from the top to help mitigate the AXI
loss but it definitely wasn't perfect
there's a huge split when it was maxed
out and three from the top there's still
a split so some targets is still hard to
hit at longer ranges so what the Fang
fusili mod offers the dread now is
roughly the same amount of damage as the
three from the top heavy caliber whoever
it is slightly less but the main thing
is it'll keep the pinpoint actually
while zooming in which will obviously
make hitting longer range targets a lot
easier but the main thing is hitting
those headshots with both arrows
consistently can offer you a lot of
damage potential the other really
awesome thing about slash as a status
proc though is it up nor armor and
shields and do 35% of your weapons base
damage per tick and there's seven ticks
in total in the last for six seconds so
the point is usually in most cases
especially when dealing with you know
heavy armored targets if the initial
shot doesn't kill them
the /proc will few other key points want
to mention too is that this weapon like
other bows as an eight punch through
when fully charged this can be a really
useful tool when trying to kill multiple
enemies in a straight line or trying to
hit a target that's hiding behind a wall
or an object also the dread is the
highest critical chance rating compared
to any weapon you can actually get up to
125 percent when fully charged so when
it comes to red crits is actually king
because it has a 25% chance compared to
the Paris Prime that has the 12.5 terms
of moaning
definitely one on a max of serration
split chamber and of course speed
trigger because this will improve your
charge up time which will help your
overall DPS allow you to hit multiple
targets faster you're definitely one on
both crip mods so point strike is going
to be your critical chance mod vital
sense is going to be your crit damage
mod and then you're going to be running
to dual static elements so obviously
you're going to be using these combined
into an elemental combo depending on
faction going up against but also both
these will give you 60% status so when
you factor both these mods in with your
split chamber which is your multi shot
you can get up to sixty six point eight
percent status which is mainly going to
be for that slash damage product like I
already mentioned the video does that 35
percent of your weapon base damage that
goes through armor and shields and it
ticks seven times over six seconds so
that's a lot of bonus damage you can get
just wipe rockin that slash especially
then after that your last mod on here is
going to be your Fang fusillade which is
basically the staple mod for the dread
at the moment now for my config a this
is my Grenier bill so for my elements
going to be running electric plus fire
this will give me radiation which is
really good against the alloy target
units and when it procs give me that
confusion effect for config be is give
me my corpus build so I'm gonna be
running electric plus ice for them so
give me magnetic really good damage
gauge shields when a proc saaremaa
shields completely and then finally with
my config C this is going to be my
infested slash void build for the
infested
I mean running corrosive which is really
good damage against the ancients that's
electric plus toxic they're the high
priority targets and it's actually going
to be corrosive for the voids too
because the toughest tanki's enemy in
there's the heavy gunners they're
usually the most problematic so
corrosive is really good damage against
them and when it procs it'll basically
degrade their armor by 25% which can
stack so in conclusion this is
definitely good news for the players
that preferred the longer range approach
with the bows and mechanically just
feels better and it's a lot more fun so
definitely give this build a try and let
me know how you feel about it in the
comments section below and that's going
to do it guys so if you did enjoy this
video and you want to see more pro
builds definitely hit that subscribe
button
throw me a like if you wish and that's
going to do it so I hope to see in the
next one guys later